Add a new way of registering cluster with PULL mode by CLI (#143)
karmada-io/website: docs/administrator/karmadactl/register.md

---
title: Karmadactl Register
---

> `karmadactl register` is used to regiter member clusters to Karmada control plane with PULL mode. It is like `kubeadm join` that joins nodes to Kubernetes control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`karmadactl register` is used to register member clusters to the Karmada control plane with PULL mode. 
Be different from the `karmadactl join` which registers a cluster with `Push` mode, `karmadactl register` registers a cluster to Karmada control plane with `Pull` mode.
```

> > Note: currently it only support the Karmada control plane that installed by `karmadactl init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: currently it only supports the Karmada control plane that was installed by `karmadactl init`.
```

---
title: Karmadactl Register
---

`karmadactl register` is used to regiter member clusters to Karmada control plane with PULL mode. It is like `kubeadm join` that joins nodes to Kubernetes control plane.

> Note: currently it only support the Karmada control plane that installed by `karmadactl init`.

## Create bootstrap token in Karmada control plane

In Karmada control plane, we can use `karmadactl token create` command to create bootstrap tokens whose default ttl is 24h.

```
$ karmadactl token create --print-register-command --kubeconfig /etc/karmada/karmada-apiserver.config
```

```
# The example output is shown below
karmadactl register 10.10.103.67:32443 --token t2jgtm.9nybj0526mjw1jbf --discovery-token-ca-cert-hash sha256:f5a5a43869bb44577dba582e794c3e3750f2050d62f1b1dc80fd3d6a371b6ed4
```

More details about `bootstrap token` please refer to:
- [authenticating with bootstrap tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/bootstrap-tokens/)

## Execute `karmadactl register` in the member clusters

> In the member clusters, we can directly execute the above output `karmadactl register` command.

Reviewer: Does `In the member cluster` mean on any node of a member cluster?

At the end of this doc, we mention the `current-context` thing, i guess It would be better to tell people we need a kubeconfig file.

Author: It is better to execute the command in the Kubernetes control plane of member clusters.
